two endowments
this is covered a little
garlic also punished him
jorgito crazy at this moment the boxing that is performing the mole roses
after taking port the strong response from the Polish side
but that low punishment that even keeps close to the most frequent
we already give the first two traces to the mole latin roses open mouth already what
we see with the protector from outside
it makes it dangerous for rossini
a straight right ended in the boots for protective and then the flights na
yes already when
a boxer starts opening his mouth so much that I visited he lacks air
igneous
so that the physical condition is no longer optimal
and it fits perfectly
the cochulito montiel was in front the second episode will be over
has returned we have
every time the mole roses and fez do something about montiel opens the guard and by
there he enters
the left hand of the conflict
the left hand on the right tracing
we know to what ends and mutual help
yes second roll loving digital
for it by mouth and other
or flat and felt the punch of the future as a prison sentence
is the third still ladies and gentlemen took him out of the race every case
motivate them and here comes mole roses
the car or take away the joaquin ibarra card that says
again the advantage to break with a tie-break
in the first two episodes montiel superior
al topo alberto rosas de tepic nayarit
Two men from the Mexican Pacific
not one of the mochis the other tepic
here connect by hand
the skier mole roses
retreated a little montiel leaves that dangerous area then
to use
the team to mark distances on foot to
do not look for a couple of occasions up now it forces you to put the guard
well above because to the Castilian on the face
do not have to play the little pig
the official
It is very high power when receiving the first impacts
solids world peace
titan zelaya but but already in the debut with jamal conflict of cenepa
lacara-the wastelands
now he is making the expensive payment of the boldness of each month
a greater amount of blows by fernando montiel are doing
nick in the body
go ahead to boxing miss
reuters a current moment of return
before a very good audience both joint
as for technique as for
cleaning definitely there is no point of comparison
but in this sport
as long as it does not end either of the two cast signs of victory
the car has gone all
February 3 the roses mole
I think that is what there is
trying to pass Sevillian I do not know what Fernando Montiel intends
but can not grant
no one knows what
girls to the rival and makes him dream of winning the fight
the true behavior since the referee
the baby and allowed his situation
because he is thinking
in July the montiel pulpit
far from bothering him
He allowed them to exercise their preferred function
1 german of the cross
here here but appeals rule athletic behavior began the same
total this
in front you will have two unnecessary lights to charge with the defeat but he
when trying to get out by legs
the mole roses cheating
open the guard the two men are at this moment
to make his best hits
when the two
would be punishment to the rival
is collaborating with an open mind
to kate to the guard
of visitor
they come to the neighborhood gangster clash to win
we come to see boxing Mr. Ibarra
19 on the cold mind of the asphalt
point of view the cochul montiel mihai palanqueando alberto posadas holding
the left hand illegally and control with the right the study but
until he got tired
the referee seems to me that this
a little bit away from combat has to be applied little more iberdrola minds of
The authority
as Guido's psychology the referee of combat
g
the division has not been charged
of the context in which the fight is taking place is to say
if we have known if he realizes that the mole roses enjoy
a plan of trickery
to try to upset fernando montiel
Well, you have to be aware of that kind of trickery
let yourself be surprised
for a man who will take anything any situation to
destabilize the euro
supported on the battle it seems that the fluttering
since we're coming for the fourth chapter
what your Mr. Ibarra card says
in favor of the cutm a faithful
I feel that nothing else about him
a dance was included
he gave a real dance to the mole round
if students to take a little montiel type
showing the descents
probability of your skills in china
the exposure of the banks let's see if they leave a bit of attitudes
unsportsmanlike
karam truly
klose what it took we think it's a good box fight
Fernando Montiel Toronto only has a cure in his career
his entire career nba
37 wins 2
percent
the events of 28
christie's in eighth in 40 fights his courage
when a man who has also approved
in the international concert
its stuck
anyone who has been is as much flyweight as reported
and we had those two defeats a source
in the last six fights as
opportunely they showed us to and the production here comes ladies and
Gentlemen the mole roses trying to make a dent
on the body of fernando montiel japan has fabric stoppage on the left
and here comes fernando montiel trying to make his opponent fall the mole
roses engallado but also delivered and havre the guard out there goes to
enter fernando montiel
it's been four rounds dominated by the cochulito
and with a lot of heart and little technique on the part of roses that also has
dynamic and in one of those body walk to dream the world champion
so the champion goes to the front
well the paco and and yet I believe that football also
next a little more cautious
precisely because of what he mentioned
the same woman
the new york city the red mole
the set is asserting
its highest hierarchy its best tactical and technical knowledge of
boxing
to do it fails
to do that is cancer
pardeza takes to finish it
that investigate inside ayala by palop el cocherito you boxed the cup of
Africa
returning to consumption
moscow fortune to see it
I heard it is very common very good and very favorable comments however never
both the world title thing that was included yes she has already been up to voice
the conflict
he also comes out he did not turn it on even though he saw himself
water and from knocks none previous to the g8
and people think
think the world champion iberia fernando conte vida we are live and in
direct from aguascalientes when it comes
the Valencian part